Refactor docs [WIP] (#43)
r2u-io/documentation: docs/react-native/viewer.md

---
title: 3D Viewer
---

> After adding the script tag to your app, the methods for creating a 3D Viewer will be available through the `R2U` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding the dependency to your app, the methods for creating a 3D Viewer will be available through the `R2U` object.
```

const customerId = '5e8e7580404328000882f4ae' // Remember to use your ID
const sku = 'RE000001' // Gather from your product page

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  webview: {
    marginTop: 32,
    width: 400,
    height: 400,
    margin: 'auto',
    backgroundColor: '#ccc',
  },
})

const App: React.FC = () => {
  const [init, setInit] = useState(false)
  const [isActive, setIsActive] = useState(false)
  const [canOpenAR, setCanOpenAR] = useState(false)
  const [uri, setUri] = useState('')

  useEffect(async () => {
    await R2U.init({ customerId })
    const isSupported = await R2U.ar.isSupported()
    setCanOpenAR(supported)
  }, [])

  useEffect(async () => {
    if (!init) return
    const active = await R2U.sku.isActive(sku)
    setIsActive(active)
  }, [init])

  useEffect(async () => {
    if (!init || !isActive) return
    const link = await R2U.viewer.getLink(sku)
    setUri(link)
  }, [isActive])

  return (
    <SafeAreaView>
      <ScrollView contentInsetAdjustmentBehavior="automatic">
        <View>
          {uri ? <WebView style={styles.webview} source={{ uri }} /> : null}
        </View>
      </ScrollView>
    </SafeAreaView>
  )
}

export default App

> ```

Reviewer 2: Como estou fazendo task de docs tbm, conversei com o gabão e ele achava melhor ter códigos de exemplo menores, somente snippets que fazem só o que o método que vc ta falando faz... não sei se aqui é necessário colocar todo o exemplo cmpleto

Author: Tem razão
